can we see me can we hear me and can we
hear me well enough i suppose i've got
the mic pretty close
and it is up all the way
so if we still have volume problems the
good news is that i actually just got my
big fancy mic
that i have been lusting after
for many years now i have finally been
able to
purchase and it is sitting right there
because it just came
so i didn't have time to use it for this
stream
so hopefully
this the the old mic
the mic that is now old
will work fine for this
oh yeah no i kind of dropped in suddenly
didn't didn't mean to give you guys a
heart attack now i feel like i'm on the
radio because the mic is so close is it
in the shot no okay so we're fine
hello
i'm brittany this is eddie and welcome
to gay watch where we watch gay things
this is the sixth session
of reading volume two of the official
translation of moda zouche
i have seen the untamed i have never
read the book this is kind of a reading
reactions sort of thing this is not
an audiobook experience as i as i like
to say this is a
um unhinged
read-along type thing i am reacting to
what i am reading
right off the cuff so we are very uh
informal around these parts
if you've seen any video that i've ever
done it's basically that except i'm
reacting to a book
pretty much i feel like that's fair
right
story time for the gays
exactly
boom done
that is the that is the the subtitle
for this entire for this entire concept
yes
it is indeed story time for the gays
it is also us screaming together
it's a pretty good time i'm not gonna
lie you're in for
you're in for
a treat i almost said tweet as if i'm on
twitter
all the time
we are on page
ah [__] either 208 or 209 see
this is how you know that i'm 80d i have
a glorious beautiful gorgeous bookmark
that i use
so that i know
where we left off
but because it doesn't specifically
point out the line
that i left off on it just basically
narrows it down to two pages so
excuse
the pause
while i
yes we literally had to end it
right as
someone else came in so i think we're on
209.
no i'm incorrect
oh no we're at the top of 208 see 80d
but that's fine we always need a couple
of minutes for everyone to get the
notification and
come on in
anyway so
it's a valuable use of time
[Music]
you know what's funny dee you say you
have no awareness of time so every time
you get the notification for a live
stream you're pleasantly surprised
i have this scheduled out
and then all of a sudden it's 2 30 p.m
on a tuesday or thursday and i'm like oh
my god right a live stream and i too am
pleasantly surprised
that's that's my life that's my
existence
oh no snow queen you got covid i'm
assuming you are you know
uh
vaccinated and all that jazz
yeah the wife and i got coveted a few
months ago
and it wasn't entirely pleasant but
because we were vaccinated it was
basically
kind of like a cold
rather than anything life-threatening
oh you didn't get a notification
huh notifications on youtube are like
super weird
i'll go in and make sure that i have uh
uh that i have everything where it needs
to be
but yeah they're also just super they're
not they're not the most efficient
youtube notifications
which is why not to plug and be like
which is why you should hit the
notify all or the bell or whatever the
[__] it is i'm not a youtuber i don't
know exactly what it is
but um
that's why the whole complete
notification thing usually covers bases
because other than that youtube's pretty
um
iffy with the actual notifying of people
nicole
am i going to do sense8 reactions bold
of you to assume i haven't already
started
because i post things or at least i try
to post things at about a week delay to
when i actually film them so i have seen
the first two episodes of sense8
and i watch the third one tomorrow and
they start getting posted on youtube on
monday
the monday wednesday friday is when
sunset is going to go up on youtube but
of course the saturday before is when
people get it on patreon
and actually discord gets it sometimes
even a little bit before then depending
on my mood like they already have the
first episode the uncut first episode
because i felt like being a gremlin and
just dropping it out of clear blue sky
so there's that it's definitely it's
definitely happening
finally
so now that people have gotten a chance
to come on in
oh my god five minutes on the mark it's
like i'm getting used to doing these
things
holy crap okay so people have had a
chance to come on in
so we're gonna go ahead and
get started once again we are towards
the top
of page 208 we have just done
the uh
drunk wongjie
playing tag uh and then also kissing
game
we have literally just done that
and then now wushan is alone i believe
oh no they're not alone
well then
they're just in buchan's private room so
this is a
this is a nice place to leave off
actually i thought i was legitimately
ending it at the correct place
so like scenes over wushan's alone but
no there's still more hygienes to be had
apparently
okay
let's see now i'm paranoid i'm gonna hit
the mic so
i'm just gonna move it back a little bit
just just a little you guys should still
be able to hear me i have a voice that
carries i'm hoping but i'll be keeping
an eye on chat to make sure that you
guys aren't hollering at me for the
first half of the stream again that you
can't
hear
all right
top of 208
here in his private room wei wushan sat
on the floor while lan wang zhu was
slumped on the divan
a gust of cold wind blew in through the
open window sending cold shivers down
wee wuchen's back but it helped clear
his head somewhat
he rose to his feet pushed the table
back in place and sat down next to it
he stayed dazed for a while then he
lowered his head and painstakingly bit
at the forehead ribbon around his wrists
until the mess of dead knots was
loosened at last
once his hands were free again he very
naturally reached to pour himself a cup
of liquor to deal with his shock
but when he delivered the cup to his
lips there was not a single drop to be
had
he looked down to find nothing in the
cup at all
he had checked the entire contents of
the jug much earlier but somehow hadn't
noticed that nothing had come out when
he poured now
way we shan put the empty cup back on
the table
why bother that's enough booze for today
when he turned his head he could see
just enough around the screen to catch
side of lan wong ji lying quietly on the
divine
i really had too much today i crossed
the line even if lan jen's drunk and
probably won't remember anything after
he wakes up i shouldn't have teased a
perfectly good and proper man like him
so outrageously it was far too
disrespectful oh my god way wushan has
shame
like way wishing experiences
regret
for
his trickster behavior
specifically amazing
i mean warranted this is a good thing
mind you
not complaining
it's just fascinating
but when he remembered exactly how he
had been outrageous way was shane
couldn't help but raise his hand
and softly touch his own lips no no no
no no they are exposing me today
they are exposing me because
i low-key
kind of love that [__]
it sort of depends on the circumstance
and kind of depends on the characters
involved
but that whole like you just had a kiss
with some attention that trope
i kind of [__] with that trope
they're really calling me out it's been
two seconds they're calling me out wow
i'm exposed
he strips the forehead ribbon in his
hand until it was straightened out again
then walked to the side of the divan and
placed it next to the pillow he forced
himself not to sneak even a single look
at lang wong ji's face as he crouched
down and helped him remove his boots
arranging him in the standard land clan
sleeping position
after completing his task wei wushan
leaned against the divine and sat on the
floor his mind was running running wild
and in complete disarray but one thing
was absolutely clear
he couldn't let lan chan drink again
if he acted like that with everyone when
drunk then that wouldn't be good at all
for some reason weiwi shan felt
indescribably guilty tonight
he didn't dare squeeze into the same bed
as lenwang-ji as he usually did and
spent the night on the ground instead
passing out against the divan some time
after his head lawled against it
the morning arrived fuzzily he felt
someone gently pick him up and lay him
down on the divine
wei wuchen blearly cracked his eyes open
and lan wong ji's eternally cool face
entered his vision
he was immediately half awake
lanjen
len jen answered him with a
are you sober or drunk right now way
washan asked
sober
oh
is it mao time way was shan wondered
len wang ji woke punctually every day at
mao time which was how way we shine
could determine the time without looking
at the sky
len wang ji lifted way wishing's wrists
upon which were countless red welts
he retrieved a little light green
porcelain bottle and bowed his head as
he applied a fine medicinal cream to the
welts which instantly cooled them
weirshan squinted his eyes
ow hang on june you really are such a
rude drunk
we're going to bring the mic in close
for this
you suffer the consequences of your own
actions
then when she said without looking up
way wushan's heart lurched
len jen you really don't remember why
you get up what you get up to when
you're drunk right
no
probably true way wishing thought or he
would have been so furiously embarrassed
that he'd have butchered me by now
he was glad landmanji didn't remember
but also a little disappointed it was
like having secretly done something bad
or eaten a forbidden treat on the sly
you'd hide in a corner snickering
secretly delighted that no one
discovered you but disappointed you had
no one with whom to share the
unmentionable joy
unconsciously his eyes traveled to land
wang ji's lips once more really
we're breathing okay
we're just we're just gonna breathe
through this it's gonna be okay
although those lips never curved upward
they always looked very soft
and they were indeed very soft
because wei wu shan has direct
experience
with that
um
[Music]
although those lips never i'm sorry
i went back wade was shared
unconsciously but his own lips as his
mind began to wander off to the vast
universe
the land clan of guzu is so strict and
lan jan is completely
immune to romance
so he must have never kissed a girl
before what should i do should i tell
him i took his first if he found out
would he be so angry he'd cry
maybe when he was younger but he
probably won't now besides he's like a
wooden monk maybe he's never even
thought of that sort of thing wait last
time he got drunk i asked if he liked
anyone and he told me yes so maybe he's
already kissed someone but with
landren's chronic restraint love must
have ended at virtue they probably never
kissed probably never even held hands
maybe he never understood the type of
luck i was referring to in the first
place
roshan's assumption
of wong ji's like asexuality
is so good
it's so good
it's just so good cause he's so
wrong
could not be more
he displays both his wrongness and his
obliviousness
in
the same paragraph
and like
the bi vibes
coming off of this man
jesus
g
zeus
after lan wong jia finished applying
finished applying the cream
someone lightly knocked three times at
the door
lan shizuo's voice followed hang one jun
are you both up shall we be departing
wait downstairs lan wangju replied
once the group theft left the city they
would go their separate ways at the
gates the clan juniors had originally
only known each other by sight having at
most dropped in during symposiums hosted
by one clan or the other
but over these last few days they'd
investigated the cat killer case and
passed a terrifying day and night in a
foggy ghost city they'd burned paper
money together snuck drinks together
argued with each other and argued with
other people together
they were well acquainted with each
other by now making them reluctant to
stay there for well
[Music]
ducklings
they dragged their feet at the city
gates promising to visit during a
symposium hosted by one family or travel
to another family's domain for a night
hunt oh my god they bonded
len wong xi didn't rush them
he stood underneath a tree tall and
silent letting them chatter away
why is that so sweet
why is he so sweet i'm fine he was also
keeping an eye on fairy so it didn't
dare bark or run around and could only
cower under the tree gazing pitifully in
gentling's direction while rapidly
wagging its tail
taking advantage of lan wong ji watching
the dog wei wushan put his arm around
jin ling and strolled off
moshunyu was one of jin jin guanchong's
that was bad
illegitimate sons he was jinzy schwann
and jinguang yao's younger half brother
born of the same father but a different
mother from either of them
in terms of bloodline he was technically
also jin ling's little uncle which meant
he could matter or factly exhort him
using the tone of an elder
don't quarrel with your uncle anymore
when you go back he said as he walked
listen to him and be more careful from
now on don't rush off on night hunts on
your own
when jin ling was from
while jin ling was from a distinguished
sect gossip spared no one as an orphan
it couldn't be helped that he was eager
to secure accomplishments eager to prove
himself
you're only in your teens way wishing
added none of the clan juniors your age
have brought down any formidable evil
creatures so why be so impatient to
snatch you first
jin ling mumbled my uncle and little
uncle were teenagers when they first
want to claim
is that even comparable way wushan
thought everyone was on edge back then
thanks to the tyranny of the wen clan of
jisen
if you didn't train with everything you
had if you weren't ready to kill at all
times who knew when your luck might run
out everyone was drafted into battle
during the sunshot campaign no one cared
if you were a teenager or how old you
were but things are peaceful now the
clans are all stable the atmosphere
isn't as tense and people have stopped
killing themselves cultivating because
there's no need for it anymore
that was a fascinating passage
that kind of direct and clear comparison
between
then and now
i don't know that's just so
like you could guess that but it's just
so interesting to see it
to have it in text
like directly compare the atmosphere of
you know the whole one clan [__]
thing to now when things are uh more
peaceful
that's interesting i'm gonna have to go
back to that later
for you know
fake purposes
even that damn dog way ying was in his
teens when he slaughtered the the shonu
beast jin ling added if he could manage
that why can't i
why was shane shuttered when he heard
his own name with that word in front of
it he painstakingly shook off the
goosebumps
did he kill that thing wasn't it hang on
jun
at the mention of hang on june jingling
gave him an indiscernible look like he
wanted to say something but forced it
back down
you and hang won june
never mind it's between you and him and
anyway i don't want to concern myself
with you go be a cut sleeve if you love
it so much it's an incurable disease
most likely historically appropriate
homophobia okay
weibuchen laughed how is that a disease
inwardly he was in stitches doubling
over he still thinks i'm shamelessly
throwing myself at lanjan says the man
who [__] kissed him last night
really
this man
i i can't even i can't even quantify way
we shan anymore he's just so
and i love him
i now know the meaning behind the
forehead ribbon of the land clan of guzu
jingling declared since this is how it
is stay by hanguan june's side properly
if you're going to be a cut sleeve you
have to cut in a chased and honest way
stop courting other men especially ones
from our families otherwise don't blame
me for coming after you
his families included the jin clan of
landling as well as the jain clan of
young mong it would appear his tolerance
for cut sleeves had increased as long as
we shouldn't didn't pursue people from
those households he could look the other
way
it's a step forward i'll give him that
he's such a brat waywa chanted what do
you mean courting other men saying it
like i'm so that and forehead ribbon
there's a meaning behind the forehead
ribbon
don't give me that jingling exclaimed
you got what you wanted so don't get
carried away i don't want to talk about
this anymore are you weighing whoa
whoa
whoa stop time out what
chin ling you can't just
right he tossed that out suddenly at the
end cutting straight to the point to
catch him off guard
mission accomplished jingling
[__]
oh my god
no i'm so mad at the supportive
homophobe comment in chat
hilarious
the accuracy
wow wow
wow
jesus where did i there we go wade shane
replied easily do you think i look like
him
jingling was quiet for a moment then
suddenly blew a short whistle fairy
oh
having been called by its master fairy
dashed over with his tongue hanging out
and flapping in the wind way washand it
off just talk to me properly why release
the hounds
zindling humph bye
having said his farewells he took off
gallantly in the direction of lan ling
with his head held high it would seem he
still didn't dare go to jang chung at
lotus pier and young mung
the other clan juniors went off in
different directions in groups of twos
and threes heading home
finally only way wushan lan wang ji and
the land juniors remained
the juniors continuously looked backward
as they walked unable to control
themselves although lan jingyi said
nothing he looked a little forlorn and
reluctant to part ways
where are we going next he asked
ziwajun is currently attending a night
hunt in the tan prefecture area
lan shizui said are we heading straight
back to the cloud recesses or should we
join him there
we will join him in tan prefecture then
when she stated my husband
good good maybe we can give him a hand
or something shan said we don't know
where our good buddy's head has gotten
to anyway
the two of them walked ahead while the
boys followed far behind and after they
traveled a while lan wang ji said
jing chung knows who you are
yeah yeah
waywu shen was writing little apple
letting the spotted donkey walk at a
leisurely pace
yeah he knows but yeah so what he has no
proof
unlike possession a spiritual sacrifice
left no evidence that could be traced
jang chung was only basing his
conclusion on weibuchan's reaction at
seeing a dog but he never told anyone
way wishing was afraid of dogs and only
people close to each other could dissect
reactions and facial expressions thus
such things hardly served as concrete
evidence even if jiang chung were to
post public bulletins everywhere
announcing that the yielding patriarch
wei wushan cowered at the sight of a dog
everyone would only take it as a sign
that sandu shengshou
had finally gone mad after his years of
unsuccessfully pursuing the healing
patriarch
that's why i'm so curious why weishan
said how in the world did you recognize
me
lan wong xi replied dryly i am also
curious as to why your memory is so
dreadful
i can't quantify wongji at this point
either okay
he is so
and i love him
it was only a few days oh page break
actually we're at the top of 2 15.
it was only a few days before they
arrived in tan prefecture husband
prior to their meeting with lanshi-chen
the group passed by a massive garden
that was extraordinarily beautiful if
rather neglected
unable to control their curiosity the
juniors entered to take a look as long
as it wasn't against the family precepts
and rules lenwangshi never stopped them
and so they explored as they pleased
inside the garden were stone gazebos and
banisters stone tables and stone chairs
all provided for visitors convenience
during blossom and mu and moon viewings
but the gazebo was shipped after
enduring many years of exposure to the
elements and two of the stone chairs had
toppled over
there were no flowers or other greenery
visible anywhere in the garden only
withered branches and leaves it had
clearly been abandoned for many years
the juniors strolled around in high
spirits making half a circuit before lan
jazui asked this is the garden that
belongs to the damsel of annual blossoms
right
damsel of annual blossoms who's that
lang jingy ass looking blank this garden
has an owner how come it's so run down
it looks like it hasn't been tended for
a long time
flowering periods were short and flowers
that bloomed with certain seasons were
this called annuals
there was an abundance of varieties each
with their own varied colors when they
blossomed gardens would be awash in
their freight fragrance
a memory flashed in waywashan's mind
when he heard that name
manchester he stroked the columns of the
gazebo and thought for a moment then he
said if i remember correctly this must
be that garden it's famous i've read
about it in books the chapter of the
blooming soul of the annual damn damsel
states there is a flowerbed in tan
prefecture and in this bed there is a
damsel recite poetry beneath the
moonlight should the poem be excellent
one shall be gifted a single annual
flower its bloom unwithering for three
years and with lingering fragrance
should the poem be undesirable or should
there be errors in its recitation the
damsel will appear hurl flowers at one's
face and vanish after
recite a poem wrong and she'll pelt you
in the face with flowers lan jingyi
exclaimed i hope those flowers don't
have thorns or i'd definitely get all
scratched up if i gave it a shot what
kind of monster is that
not so much a monster but a spirit
lanchizu corrected it is said that the
first owner of the flowerbed was a poet
and he planted these flowers with his
own hands considering the blooms to be
his friends he receded poetry here every
day and the scholarly fragrance and
affection lingering in the verses
overflowed into the flowers and plants
of this garden
eventually the wisp of a spirit took
shape this was the damsel of annual
blossoms
when outsiders visit they will be gifted
a single flower if they should make her
happy by reciting poetry agreeably and
reminding her of the one who nurtured
her if they should recite poorly or
incorrectly she will emerge from the
flowering bushes and use those same
flowers to pelt their faces
those who are hit lose consciousness and
when they wake they find themselves
thrown out of the garden a dozen years
ago the crowds visiting this garden were
said to be endless
elegant simply elegant way rochan
commented but there's no way the books
in the land library pavilion would have
anything like this in their records fess
up shizui what did you read and who let
you read it
lances are we blushed and snuck a glam
glance at land wang ji afraid of being
punished
is the damsel of annual blossoms very
beautiful langhingi asked is that why so
many people wanted to come
seeing lan wang ji had no intention of
scolding him lanchizu secretly breathed
a sigh of relief before answering with a
smile
she must be very beautiful she's a
spirit of great elegance after all
coalesced from wondrous things
but in reality no one has ever seen the
face of the damsel of annual blossoms
even if you can't compose a poem
yourself how hard is it to recite one or
two
for that reason most visitors received a
gift of a flower from the damsel
and even if there were occasionally some
who got pelted due to incorrect
recitation
they lost consciousness immediately and
had no chance for an audience thereafter
however there was one exception who was
it another boy asked
waywu shan cleared his throat quietly
the yelling patriarch wei wushan
lan shizui replied
wait were shane clear to start again
uh why him again can we not talk about
something else
no one paid attention to him
flanjingy waved him off anxiously
be quiet wait was shane what that big
evil overlord what did he do did he
forcibly drag forth the damsel of of
annual blossoms
no it's not like that lantern said he
came from yen hmong to tan prefecture to
this garden expressly to try and see the
face of the damsel of annual blossoms he
recited poetry incorrectly it each time
provoking the damsel to hit him with
flowers and toss them out that's the
most way we shine thing i've
ever [__] heard
when he woke up he crawled back in and
continued to loudly and incorrectly
recite poetry he did this over 20 times
finally he got a good look at her face
and then headed out to praise her looks
to everyone however the dance of annual
blossoms was so angered by him that she
didn't emerge for a very long time
and whenever he entered thereafter there
would be a storm of crazed blossoms
flurries of flowers hitting people the
most extraordinary sight you can imagine
the boys all laughed way roussean is
such an annoying character why is he so
frivolous
way wishing stroked his chin
what do you mean who hasn't done a thing
or two like that in their youth and
speaking of why do people know something
as insignificant as this for a serious
book to record such an anecdote
it must be the one that's frivolous
glenn wong-ji regarded him
while his face remained stoic there was
an odd twinkle in his eyes like he was
laughing at him
the visual
lan jan you dare make fun of me wushan
thought
i know at least eight embarrassing
stories from your younger days if not
ten sooner or later i'll tell them all
to these kiddos and destroy the noble
incorruptible saintly image they have of
hang one june just you wait
you kids are untranquil in the heart and
unclean in the mind way wuchan declared
aloud reading such idol books every day
instead of concentrating on your
cultivation when you get home tell
hangwon jun to punish you by having you
transcribe the family precepts ten times
my god pot kettle
jesus
the color drained from the boys faces
ten times while doing handstands
rae wu shane was shocked as well he
turned to len wong ji your family
sentences people to to transcribes text
as punishment
while doing handstands to boot
brutal
there will always be those who do not
learn their lesson through transcription
alone
lan wang ji replied dryly
handstands simultaneously reinforce
memory and serve as training
waywu shan was of course the person who
did not learn his lessons he pretended
not to understand the implication then
turned around and strolled off quite
glad he didn't have to do handstands
during transcription back in the day
the youths were in high spirits after
listening to the story and decided to
camp out that night in the annual
blossoms garden
camping out was a standard affair during
night hunts so the party knew to scout
for kindling and quickly gathered a pile
of withered branches and leaves to start
a campfire
lan wong ji went out on patrol to ensure
the area was safe and set up an array
while he was and set up an array while
he was at it to prevent any surprise
attacks in the middle of the night
we were sent stretched out by the fire
yes
wang ji went out made sure [__] was safe
make sure they're going to be protected
all during the night way wushan
stretches out by the fire
this is the character consistency
seeing len wang ji had finally left he
decided this was his chance to clear up
some confusion
oh yeah i've got a question uh what
exactly is the meaning behind your
family's forehead ribbon
the boy's face is all changed
drastically at the mention of this and
they started hemming and hawing
weirshan's heart stalled then started
racing lynch zooey asked carefully uh
champion
chambe
you don't know
would i have asked if i did washington
asked right back do i really look that
frivolous
lynching he crumbled
yeah you do you went as far as tricking
us into lining up to look at that thing
way we shan poked at the fire with a
branch making sparks dance
wasn't that because i was helping you
guys to train properly to push
yourselves it was clearly very useful
remember my words and you will reap
infinite benefits in the future
lanter he seemed to be considering what
to say next he deliberated for a while
before he began to explain it's like
this the forehead ribbon of the lane
clan of gusu symbolizes self-restraint
you know this chad bae right
yes and then wei wushan said
and as per the words of the founding
father of the land clan of gusu lan anne
only in the presence of your fated
person in the presence of the one your
heart belongs to
can you allow yourself to be free of
restraint lanchizu continued
the teachings passed down through the
generations have always stated that our
family's forehead ribbon is um
a very very personal item
very sensitive and precious
no one other than you is allowed to
touch it it cannot be easily removed and
it most definitely cannot be tied onto
someone else that's forbidden
except um
there was no need to elaborate on that
except the young tender faces by the
campfire were all flushed red and not
even lanchizuri could keep going
way wishing felt at least half the blood
in his body surged to his head
the forehead ribbon
that forehead ribbon
that uh
the meaning behind the forehead ribbon
was pretty significant huh
he suddenly felt he very much needed
fresh air he shot to his feet and
scurried off and only managed to steady
himself by clinging to a weizen tree
my god what have i done what has he done
back at you shed the one clan had once
hosted a grand symposium that spanned
seven days there was a different
recreational event each day and one was
an archery competition the rules of the
competition were as such young juniors
of each clan who had yet to reach
crowning age would enter the grounds to
battle for prey
they were over a thousand there were
over a thousand life-sized paper doll
targets that fled swiftly about the
arena however only 100 of these had a
fierce spirit sealed within if one
should shoot the wrong target they must
immediately withdraw only those who
consistently shot the paper dolls
containing the fierce spirits could
remain those who shot the most those who
shot the most by number and the most
accurately
would be calculated and ranked
accordingly
on these occasions it was a given that
way wushan would participate as one of
the contestants from the jain clan of
yangmong prior to the competition he had
already spent an entire morning
listening to debates his head was
swimming and it was only when he
strapped on the bow and quiver
that he finally regained some energy
he yawned as he headed toward the
hunting grounds
on the way he cast a casual glance
beside him and noticed a handsome young
man whose face was fair as powder and
cold as ice
he was dressed in a red round-collared
and narrow-sleeved robe bound with a
nine-ringed belt it was the standard
event attire for the juniors attending
this shishan grand symposium and it
looked particularly good on him three
parts were fine three parts gallant but
handsome in every way an eye catcher
this youth had a quiver of arrows with
snow white fletching strapped on his
back his head was lowered as he tested
the bow his fingers were long and when
he plucked the bow strength the sound
thrummed like it's like a strummed good
chin
pleasant to the air bold and vigorous
he also looked a bit familiar after
pondering this briefly way wushan
slapped his thigh and greeted him
excitedly well now
if it isn't wang jishong
jesus
wushan
who
i mean
he just looks over he looks over who's
the hot guy
in the robes that are really doing
something for him
damn he's fine oh my god it's len 1g
and then wonders why it takes him that
my god
i i j
my [__] god okay
over a year had passed since he was sent
back to young monk after studying at the
cloud recesses
on returning he told others of the
things he'd seen at kusu and these
stories included a massive number of
digressions regarding how although len
wangju's face was good looking he was so
so stiff so so dull and so on and so
forth
still it hadn't taken him long to leave
those days well behind him and return to
raising waves on the lakes and going
wild in the mountains
before today he had only ever seen len
wangji in the landing clan of guzu's
simple funeral clothes and never in
anything so vibrant and eye-catching
combined with lan wong ji's beautiful
face how many times are we going to call
him beautiful i mean granted warranted
you cannot overstate len wang ji's
beauty but like
woo shed
combined with land wang ji's beautiful
face and the suddenness of the reunion
he was so dazzled that he hadn't
immediately recognized the boy
as for lan wong xi done testing his bow
he twisted his head away and left
having been snubbed way was shannon
turned to jiang chang he ignored me
again
changing shot him a cool look also
planning on ignoring him
there were over 20 entrances to the
range and every clan started at a
different one lan wang ji approached the
entrance for the land clan of guzu but
wae wu shen had sneaked over first
lan wang ji shifted to the side and way
we shine matched his movements then wong
xi moved away and he did too in short he
blocked him refusing to let him pass
at last len wongji stood still and
raised his head he said sternly
pardon
gonna stop ignoring me now we shouldn't
commented were you pretending to not
know me earlier or were you pretending
not to hear me
not far away the boys of the other clans
were all looking in their direction
curious and amused jing chung smacked
his lips irritably and strapped on his
quiver
before heading off to the other entrance
lenwangshi raised his eyes and coldly
repeated
pardon
a smile hung off of wei wushan's lips he
wiggled his brows before turning to the
side to allow him to pass
the entrance was narrow and lanrungji
had to press close to him in order to
squeeze through
once he entered the grounds wade wishand
called after him
len jen your forehead ribbon is crooked
juniors from prominent clans were very
mindful of their bearing and poise
especially those from the land clan of
gusu
hearing him lanmenji unthinkingly
reached to write his ribbon but it was
clearly fastened correctly he shot a
peeved look at weiwoo shan but the
latter had already turned and left for
the jan clan of young man's entrance
laughing all the way
how do you i mean you can't granted all
right a shred a shred of uh
i don't know excuse
for wushan is that wushan just kind of
generally likes messing with people and
he's certainly one of the type where the
less you seem to enjoy being messed with
the more he wants to mess with you right
but like
on the other hand
being like oh my god who's that hot guy
i know that hot guy let me immediately
run over to his beautiful face
and
tease him
affectionately
i i j
i and see i can't even say anything
because i would love to say wow
how oblivious wushan how oblivious could
you possibly be
but i am that oblivious so like it's
it's the buy solidarity
in this house tonight
once the competition formally began
the number of participants dwindled as
they shot ordinary paper dolls in error
weiwu shan brought down one doll with
every arrow fired he was shooting slowly
but never missed once and it didn't take
long before 17 or 18 of the arrows in
his quiver were gone
just when he was considering switching
to his off hand something fluttered into
his face
it was light soft and tickled like silk
thread or willow catkins he looked back
to see that lanrungji had unwittingly
wandered near him he was aiming at a
paper doll his back turned to wei wushan
those fluttering ribbons were swept up
by the wind dancing gently as they
brushed weiwou shan's skin
his eyes squinted in a smile wong ji
shang
len wong shi had his bow drawn as full
as a full moon after a momentary pause
he still answered
what is it
your forehead ribbon is crooked way
bushing said
this time however len mangji did not
believe him
the arrow flew without a backward glance
he left one word for way we shan
frivolous
it's true this time wayward shane
insisted it really is crooked look at it
if you don't believe me i'll fix it for
you
his hand moved as he spoke catching the
ends of the ribbon fluttering in front
of him
the awful thing was that he just
couldn't keep his hands to himself
he'd gotten into the habit of tugging on
the braids of the girls and young hmong
and whenever his hands found anything
long and string like he couldn't help
but want to yank it the comparison
[Music]
of
of i
i the
the comparison
of tugging on the braids of girls
and tugging online one g's ribbons
i'm ended y'all
i gotta go
what no
jesus
and so without thinking
he yanked this time as well
but because this forehead ribbon was
already a little crooked and a little
loose this made it slip completely
offline wonky's forehead
when wengji's hand instantly shuddered
on his bow
it was a good while before he stiffly
turned his head
his eyes very
very slowly
turned to waywu shan
sorry about that i didn't mean to
wait we shan't apologize sheepishly
sheepishly
still holding that silky forehead ribbon
here you can retie it
len wang she looked extremely
upset
a dark cloud enveloped his face the back
of the hand that held his bow was
popping with veins and his entire body
was so tense with anger that he seemed
about to start shaking
seeing red crawling into his eyes way
wishing couldn't help but give the
forehead ribbon a squeeze
this thing i pulled off really is just
forehead ribbon and not a body part
right